and now and now you who are in the
you are connected
on tv tradition to all my big river
now watch the televised matheus
sananduva together with us came the 7th
mg region to take the tip is 28
the same champion of the golden arm, I
time is not to miss the flight
I just got up and murdered
so the feminine is a cheer for and
two against but so is the party champion
I worked with renato martins in the mouth.
of mexico the multi-champion renato martins
happened here passed in a positive way is
the seventh is the 27th 29th everyone cheering
against men will close 10
I 'm betting he's ten
rebounds every positive line all right
for him it has passed positively already
I'm working with him, Ricardo.
nabuco net besides ricardo it's time to
to please the bull is not the time to
to lose the ox must have given up the ox
There has to be blood in the eyes of white.
a is negative so opening the door
You can not lose by an orderly ox
wake up for him is to be born white
ah has to be designed for this
moment has to be tailored for this
moment can not be any one has to
being the main has to be the best
At this moment I 'm working with
cushion is now the ricardo in the mouth of the north
passed the white flag
a is the white philip zanin year felipe
zanol have not been delivered
time to launch this we have to launch
We can not give chance to chance.
the 18th he is coming here 8th region
traditionalist prepares noticed there only
for him it interested me the fourth version
more good and good
it is already six steel they come 6
yours and 6 and 18 are making their
accounts for now two 25 for now
two 24 by the time who has more than 25
But there are people with 17 people with 18
there are people with 19 tie everything can
to happen
in fact the saints of his name daniel chip
From the cross of his name he comes to know if
He's coming to 6 now and he's going crazy.
to 24 you can only be behind
who else is he working on
rope week hung in the care
care
Watch out, it 's good, do not praise music there.
8th traditionalist region
there come from the region of the vacaria of the lagoon
red the region has many capons
here comes the region of muliterno here comes the
region of cajazeiras settles well
interested in her mother, passing another
Good ball went on my ball there.
goes the region of deep step in the
carazinho in the tasil region of the evaluation
of the deputy coordinator, I want to be
7th region how many are
announcing let's come to beat him
crashed on the last lap and
injured on the last lap running away
when 24 24 24
Let's continue working the rodrigo
Moretto is the arm of the state.
There we will find only one
Fable stories though boy in the
regulatory agency has sent
Beautiful Pantanal Mill Armada is well the
that there who knows a tie fell will have
that nothing is going to work there
sosa the vote goalkeeper is good the
cool wood and renata for
worker and the 7th region and
game catches fire on the cake is white call
white line white suitcase calling is for
kill rodrigo down there I 'll go
call I'm going to work generating
do not be scared
Gurizada and let's go, come
working 9 it's also cool to see the 7th
working region of Argentina ricardo
I won mate, the mafioso matters.
to break mateus is the 7th minute region
bruno rooster
nobody works selling until step
background and now it 's bottom step to do with
the daughters, but now we are going to
man who came from the city of coxilha
sheet.com
Caio says tired las mujeres sent to
lunch here look at my our
lady is white white suitcase white suitcase
white suitcase called village julia mothers come
Working, we'll pack and
will work on pulling the string
Come on, kid, there was a yellow cat.
Syria who goes to send rope is
formed in this one that is good nothing I already go
called to vote to confer
Now let's go round
do not be alarmed if a region sends the
guard and he would have
rocked on the last lap in the third
come back and did not shake and we're going
coming and not recovering but this is the
big river party
here the different magic has a magic
different here is different here
My beloved is maratimba.com zh in Brazil